more hearts for the same hearts over and
over and over again for the millionth
time
close the damn door
shoot the damn fast
if the reticles didn't move so much this
might be easier
what
pyew pyew pyew
no matter
hmm go let you glitch glitch erson
that a guy I can tell stupid vision I
don't understand what the what
determines the range that this thing can
go because I've gone crazy bar sometimes
this
you
what
and meet me again bitch
now it's just this like helicopter part
huh what not to do
secrets nope
this seriously dead-end
oh yeah there's a map I guess you have a
map
not really
Michelle Anderton's mode shield will
protect you darkest absorbs damage from
bullets and other weapons each time you
take damage your darkness entity's place
decreased I don't change the darkness
shield
how I use it
didn't tell me
mmm
I don't get it
oh great
Jesus Christ this game sucks oh yeah
oh sweet start me back off here there's
a number right here grab
you just call me in Italian queer it's
not nice
I'm took it out on that wall yeah you're
doing I'll nibble at your kneecaps
nunim
I don't
are there any like normal people ever
walking around here okay so I'm right
near whitefish or whatever
I'm so confused okay so I'm right there
so she
see
I'm going through here
right pretty sure this is the right way
great it's the weed room again I used to
come to these piers pretty often most of
the time was to fit some poor asshole
with a pair of concrete boots generic
Italian things mob things swim so good
where